Fastly CLI (#2045)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/cache/symfony_reverse_proxy.md

- [Varnish VCL xkey example](https://github.com/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache/tree/2.3/docs/varnish/vcl)
- Fastly VCLs can be found in `vendor/ezsystems/ezplatform-http-cache-fastly/fastly`
  - `ez_main.vcl` needs to installed as the **main** custom VCL
  - `ez_user_hash.vcl` also needs to be installed as custom VCL
  - `snippet_re_enable_shielding.vcl` needs to be installed as snippet.

>   - For further explanations on how to configure Fastly with Ibexa DXP see [Configuring and Customizing Fastly](fastly.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For further explanations on how to configure Fastly with [[= product_name =]] see [Configuring and Customizing Fastly](fastly.md).
```

>   - For further explanations on how to configure Fastly with Ibexa DXP see [Configuring and Customizing Fastly](fastly.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - For further explanations on how to configure Fastly with [[= product_name =]] see [Configure and customize Fastly](fastly.md).
```
